Promote/graduate CSIMigrationAWS to GA (#35615)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/volumes.md

#### AWS EBS CSI migration

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.25" state="stable" >}}

The `CSIMigration` feature for `awsElasticBlockStore`, when enabled, redirects
all plugin operations from the existing in-tree plugin to the `ebs.csi.aws.com` Container
Storage Interface (CSI) driver. In order to use this feature, the [AWS EBS CSI
driver](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-ebs-csi-driver)
must be installed on the cluster.

#### AWS EBS CSI migration complete

> {{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.21" state="alpha" >}}

Reviewer: Alpha in 1.21? Is this accurate?

Author: yes, https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/759785ea147bc13945d521eaba4a6592cbc0675f/pkg/features/kube_features.go#L389-L393

not 100% sure why it said 1.17 before

#### AWS EBS CSI migration

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.25" state="stable" >}}

The `CSIMigration` feature for `awsElasticBlockStore`, when enabled, redirects
all plugin operations from the existing in-tree plugin to the `ebs.csi.aws.com` Container
Storage Interface (CSI) driver. In order to use this feature, the [AWS EBS CSI
driver](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-ebs-csi-driver)

> must be installed on the cluster and the `CSIMigration` and `CSIMigrationAWS`
> features must be enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
must be installed on the cluster and the `CSIMigration` feature must be enabled.
```
AIUI, you can't disable `CSIMigrationAWS` any more.

Author: you are right, CSIMigration is also locked to true in 1.25 https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/pkg/features/kube_features.go#L884, lemme just remove the 'and the x feature must be enabled'
